let imageList = []

let cardData = getData();

imageList.push(getData)

randomize(imageList);



July 6th:
Tried to put random function outside of getData fucntion, but it did not work. There is an effect, but it just moves the pictures down and in certain spots behind the front cards.
I do not understand why that is happenging, but that is the only afftect/ change I have noticed. This happens when I put the following outside of the data fucntion and I leave everthing 
in the getData fucntion as is:

const randomize = (array) => {
array.sort(() => Math.random() - 0.5);
return array;
}; 


const cardData = getData();

randomize(getData());

Tomarrow, I want to try to put a function in a fucntion using the getData arrow function. perhaps
oustdie the brackets that holds the image data, I can put parenthseis and have a function that randomizes the pictures. If that does not work, I want to continue 
on with the project and try to accomplish capturing the clicks in order to establish a match. 

<!-- Finally figured out how to put the top layer on the top, and the bottom layer on the bottom z-index with a negatigive integer was the solution! ! now to work on the alogorithyms 
and see what the best method would be to select images, maintian score, shuffle cards, and dertmine matches  -->


<!--July 3rd, I think adding a nice gradient that ends with a navy blue at the bottom (vertically) would look nice-->


<!-- where I left off July 2, 2am:

I am trying to figure out how to keep the front card shown without
seeing the back of the card. I placed a while layer div, but 
when i use that, it paints over the entire back of the card, but shows the front. 
when it is not activated, the back of the cared shines through and on 
the images that have transparency, you can see a bit of the cover. 
A definate issue. I thought one solution would be to place the inside of the grids
inbwetween the card in the same shape, as if this were layers in an adobe program. 
But that is not seeming to work since there may not be a property to select the inside 
elements of the grid in css. But perhaps I can find a way to do this in js (elect the inside of the 
grid to display. Unfortunately, the only soultion I can think of is make a certain 
color image with the same dimentions of the cards and insert and iterate through each image
like I did for the front and the back of the cards. I could also try to put both the back fo the cards in an setirly sepaerate div, and possibly
adjust the settings. But since the other images are inserted through JS, its porbably best to do the same in terms of formatting. I cN 
look up the original image dimentions and make an image in photoshop to layer them 
in between the front and back of the cards. When I am flipping the cards though, I will ahev to make both layer vanish, which may 
be a challenge logistically. However, if I do that for one layer, I should be able to do have to do that for 2 

After that, I will ahve to figure out how to shuffle the card, and to fill in the alogorithym if a card with an id
that has an m in it, matches with a numebered card, then leave them face up (with the card cover removed)

then have a start alert, then have an you won alert.

may also have to reposition columns so thhat cards fit evenky on the page.-->
